added carbon credit contracts (#22)
Concordium/concordium-dapp-examples: low-code-carbon-credits-marketplace/README.md

         * `REACT_APP_CARBON_CREDIT_CONTRACT_NAME` : name of the `carbon_credit` contract.
         * `REACT_APP_PROJECT_TOKEN_CONTRACT_NAME` : name of the `project_token` contract.
         * `REACT_APP_CONCORDIUM_NODE_ENDPOINT` : Endpoint of concordium node.
         * `REACT_APP_CONCORDIUM_NODE_PORT`: Port of concordium node.
         * `REACT_APP_EXPLORER_URL_TXN_HASH` : URL of the explorer to view transaction details.
         * `REACT_APP_WERT_PARTNER_ID` : ID of the wert partner.
         * `REACT_APP_WERT_NETWORK` : Network of the wert partner.
         * `REACT_APP_WERT_ORIGIN` : Origin of the wert partner.
         * `REACT_APP_GOOGLE_CLIENT_ID` : Client ID of the google app which will be used for authentication.
         * `REACT_APP_IPFS_GATEWAY_URL` : URL of the IPFS gateway.
         * `REACT_APP_INDEXER_API_URL` : URL of the indexer / listener API.
         * `REACT_APP_MODULE_REF` : Module reference of the deployed smart contract. This can be found in the output of the deploy command.
         * `REACT_APP_MODULE_SCHEMA` : base64 encoded schema of the deployed smart contract. This can be found in the [file](./contracts/schema_base64.txt)

5. Run

>    1. Run [Events Listener Backend](./indexer/server/src/listener.ts)

Reviewer: It would be also nice to mention how to access the database in the web UI. E.g. mentioned that based on the set values in the DockerComposeFile:
http://localhost:8081/db/db

>    1. Run [Events Listener Backend](./indexer/server/src/listener.ts)

Author: done

         * `REACT_APP_INDEXER_API_URL` : URL of the indexer / listener API.
         * `REACT_APP_MODULE_REF` : Module reference of the deployed smart contract. This can be found in the output of the deploy command.
         * `REACT_APP_MODULE_SCHEMA` : base64 encoded schema of the deployed smart contract. This can be found in the [file](./contracts/schema_base64.txt)

5. Run
   1. Run [Events Listener Backend](./indexer/server/src/listener.ts)

        ```bash
        yarn start:mongo
        yarn debug:listener
        ```

      `yarn start:mongo` runs the mongo db instance at port `27017`, with an instance of [mongo-express](https://github.com/mongo-express/mongo-express) to view the database. Default values allows access to the mongo-express instance [here](http://localhost:8081/) and the database [`db`](http://localhost:8081/db/db/) is created after the first run. The default values can be changed in the [docker-compose](./indexer/docker-compose.yml) file.

   2. Run [Web Backend](./indexer/server/src/web.ts)

        ```bash
        yarn debug:web
        ```

   3. Run [Web Frontend](./market-ui/README.md)

        ```bash
        yarn start:ui
        ```

>       * Wert integration is **disabled by default**. To enable it, set thefollowing  environment variables in the [.env](./market-ui/.env) file. Contract [Wert sales](https://wert.io/for-partners) to get these credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Wert integration is **disabled by default**. To enable it, set the following environment variables in the [.env](./market-ui/.env) file. Contact [Wert sales](https://wert.io/for-partners) to get these credentials
```

   1. Run [Events Listener Backend](./indexer/server/src/listener.ts)

        ```bash
        yarn start:mongo
        yarn debug:listener
        ```

      `yarn start:mongo` runs the mongo db instance at port `27017`, with an instance of [mongo-express](https://github.com/mongo-express/mongo-express) to view the database. Default values allows access to the mongo-express instance [here](http://localhost:8081/) and the database [`db`](http://localhost:8081/db/db/) is created after the first run. The default values can be changed in the [docker-compose](./indexer/docker-compose.yml) file.

> 

Author: This is already a part of env variables.

        ```bash
        yarn start:ui
        ```

>       * Wert integration is **disabled by default**. To enable it, set thefollowing  environment variables in the [.env](./market-ui/.env) file 

Author: done there seems no aumated way of getting the keys.

>       * Wert integration is **disabled by default**. To enable it, set thefollowing  environment variables in the [.env](./market-ui/.env) file 

Author: done
